e
I'm
I'm I'm
p
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm
I'm I'm
[Applause]
[Laughter]
I'm grateful
I'm I'm
[Music]
I'm
[Applause]
[Music]
cre
thank
you thank you thank you thank you C flow
thank you
now I have I have a
dilemma um it's a funny
dilemma uh a few weeks ago maybe a month
ago I ordered like a tremolo bar for my
guitar and it came within a couple of
days and that's uh that's great no
issues there I noticed that
oh like a week after it had come already
my Amazon account
said this might be running late this
this package may be running
late I'm like
nope it's definitely not I have it here
in my
Hoops but that's okay Amazon you do your
best I just checked my Amazon right
now this is like a month after I've
received this thing already okay and
this is this is very funny to me
[Laughter]
that your package may be
lost it's s it's such a it's such a way
to put
this it cuz it's like it's like not
confident that it was lost but it's like
a a
possibility and it's like no no no I
have it here with me but that's okay
okay um I don't know how they like I
don't know what's going on with all that
but I could be a terrible person and
have them refund it to me
but I don't need to take Buddy away from
the
uh people who gave me a little stick
it's like how it's like what it's like
$10 it's like not that big of a
deal it's here I guess it's it's just
funny I I'm going to I have to show this
again because it's like it's not just
like it's it's not like a really
expensive
thing it's just like it's like just a
it's just a
stick I like the way it's worded feels
so Grim like it it feels like a warning
like your package may be
lost it feels really Grim okay I'm
coming in
baddy
hello here we
go you have all the
tags um
okay so we're going to jump uh right
into it shortly
I'm going to do one thing
first let's do our
dailies where was
it okay let's see how well I know my
music that's n
it's just water
okay that's a
problem why do I feel like it could be
good
grief
okay oh
it's all right thank
you
okay is that height line
oh
no
help oh no am I going to lose my own
song what is
that
uhoh oh no
oh wait no is that is that just sailing
away okay why did I not know
that I should have guessed it from this
one but it sounded so much like height
lines for some
reason
um but the problem is cuz in both
sailing away and height lines there are
there are like lines about uh sleeping
or losing sleep or something it's
like they're so similar
[Music]
okay that's that's just that's just uh
Harper right yeah okay damn okay well
you have to
understand uh where it's coming from
with these ones
okay at least I didn't lose
one the the sailing away one is is was
very
interesting okay I have too much I have
too much negative space in some of my
songs and too much water samples in some
of my
songs
okay let's let's jump into it let's
let's go back to our favorite thing
back
to poorly translated halflife
one I don't remember where we
were I remember
now I can't deal with this what is it it
looks like I Mr Saturn but I feel like
it's not
that stop shaking
it oh that's right and I also have to
remember what weapons are what weapons
cuz it mixes those
up do
I forgot I also have like no ammo hey
doctor oh we're going to deal with this
again hold on let me let me kill
you like the grunts aren't even like a
part of the bad translation they just
decided to make them funny as hell
okay so we're down this way this is
the see in this Lobby in halflife one
the encounters we
have are very small in Black Mesa it was
the hardest gaming experience in history
for some reason
weekly
Farm Kino to draw Farm thank
you oh wait I need to get the I need to
get the
[Music]
why do I not have
it
[Music]
no why do I not have an
account but hole pal is
angry do you
have
why you know what I don't miss about
halflife one proper is how much it takes
to kill one
soldier when did I get my pistol
back I have gone this far I still need
to bring the [__] guy with me I
think oh no is maybe he can stay
there maybe I should bring him
anyway I forgot where I put
him was in one of the
labs here you go if he lives here he can
work together yes yep so true
buddy all right you stay here you do not
have to go
[Music]
I still love the [__]
pistol in this
one it's so goofy
[Music]
what is weapons I'm right it is an
example or end of not for him some are
strange did he leave Arrow what
[Music]
error go
ahead hey doctor
[Applause]
troll them my pets why do I
not I think my favorite Soldier quote is
the why do I not have an account
[Music]
I didn't need to do that but that's okay
there have been many
changes contribs to
the moric
services they say morphic
Services scientist thank God get out of
here so we know where to hide these big
bugget what all available retina
scanners we cannot get out of the lab
you do the operation catalus has done
but I afraid that the man would not
[Music]
good
good why does this
leave I don't [__] know dude
we are in complete shape with our team
and bra
yeah
wait back strange one
yes I will save you but I will warn you
anyway it is under military control if
you are on the other side you must fight
and be eager to get to know my youth if
you want to survive and another
scientific institution has the right to
go to Liverpool that's normal Liverpool
it's not like that but I think you will
warning progress and time may not be the
same Justin Bieber got killed in these
once I don't know how to [__] use the
C4 in this Google translate version like
it's not the same
I found out recently you can do
this okay hold on let me have fun in a
second anyway I found out recently you
could do
this
wait no let me in I'm allowed
you let me in last
time oh the mixing I can't stand the
mixing let me in I'm allowed I'm normal
okay I give
up canu
Farm I can't wait for them to come back
two draw F everyone take a look
I'm going to kill all of you
[Music]
the shopping center
don't give me trouble
now well look who's giving me trouble
[Music]
blood oh I forgot it's completely
useless I forgot it likes to shoot it
likes to shoot G gantu instead of actual
arrows
let's it's
beautiful it really is
[Music]
sign of life
will signs of life thank you so
much why are the ganto so small your
guess is as good as mine
my other favorite line is the signs of
life cuz it sounds like so condescending
180 and no
I I I can't have
180 this isn't half life
too oh
man everyone's favorite part of the
video game
Farm that's not a word I can't wait for
them to come back two draw f weakly
farm come out
strong uh saving is but the game right
yeah good
I
remember do you want to buy the people
merchandise there's no mines here
there's just a bunch of [__] here
no no no no no
there's no [__] way that says
men I did not just turn the corner and
it says just men on the
sign
if if I men
well who would have guessed my at least
her part of the game is sponsored by men
cooking China support
very hard don't your
[Music]
suggestion don't make move
Terry
Terry no
everything's wait the
trick you
[__]
no they they said you can't do
that they said you can't do that
[Music]
hey doctor
okay
far oh yeah a
no I forgot the Rockets I forgot the
Rockets were the
scientists oh
yeah come
here that's so
good thank you
well at least we get to hear the Rockets
again
here come here
safe do you guys want to revisit the the
settings
again there's of course understanding
the mouse new laugh week be careful in
the right
information this wind to The
Other M you can adjust the mouse's blood
flow I think that's important here's the
I understand tab
animal male
technology he is standing right now
please check the location of
you
have let me down thank you
[Music]
internet internet
let's see if I can use this
correctly
well I did
so I need everyone to understand that
the buttons are reversed for the C4
compared to how they're normally are for
this mod for some reason which is why
it's
so I already [__] up again
why you have
see and that
I oh it it just reversed the buttons
again it maybe do left click to throw it
and then left click to activate it's
supposed to be right click does the
alternating and so on
oh
yeah oh
yeah oh yeah
the Dark Age has been
found no I didn't want to set a
C4 why is it making me okay
s thank you
[Music]
man okay scratches enclosed that's not
even a scratches is not even lock the
door and lock it sorry there there's a
lot happening right now okay scratches
is not a word you need an e after the
H enclosed space access to the Fatal
members with
permission lock the door and lock it
United Warehouse rip ripping
saw is this going to be the San
Francisco one again the most
important the most important security
guard is in San Francisco private
competition I wasn't opening here
[Music]
oh thank God it's not going to work
I can't [__] throw grenades cuz they
they have they're so heavy for some
reason does that
work
nope help me please dead please help me
please wait did that
kill nope
the issue of
blood yeah I will just throw the snarks
in
there
okay let's see can I use the
C4 I hate this just kill
me what
[Music]
yeah I would use the rocket launcher if
I had ammo
[Music]
excuse
me tell me that
worked help me please
dead please help
me signs are
important contact your medical
care you know these grenades are going
to be use may as well just do
[Music]
this [__] okay
bro how does that not
kill help me please dead
please help me
[Music]
please thank you
dead please help
is there one
there is that what I'm
missing I'm just throwing it's okay
why did that not
kill that this will
[Music]
kill yeah that's the one thing black
Mesa really accomplished
properly that like I'm missing very much
right now help
okay
please
hello just why do these have to not why
do they have the consistency of
like stop it
in
finally lamb de I did it I was
frustrated I lost my temper what you see
is the desire to see the door I'm
waiting for an emergency here if you
want to go please be careful
actually I think that's a Trip
Mine stay in the area to stay in the
area to
escape everyone is responsible
that's a bad idea
I was
trying to shoot the head cra
I I pressed that
don't do
it
[Music]
hello Terry
I can't wait for them to come back you
draw
[Music]
this
why do I
not why do I not have an
account
relax how is Mr Freeman
[Applause]
oh oh something is dead here get out
of I'm trying to the question now
[Applause]
everything sure
why I jump down do I not have an
[Applause]
account go ahead Scout go ahead
Scout are you eating my socks right
now how did you get in here
I so silky so smooth
you have
everything
contact live
[Music]
this way if you have a good chance to
a
little
here I could have been in this Roger
assignment try it
okay now do you want to come down well I
will embrace
you
what zero
[Music]
no over here over
here no where are you
going
you come over here where are you
going I am waiting for okay
by you have
okay I'll do it without you
then introduction to the
air like there's Health packs in this in
this room down
here but [__] that I guess
hey there's many vortigon up here
yep reach
come why do
I why do I not have
contact your medical
I knew that was
going back to the old grind
do you have why do I not
green signs are
important contact your
medical come on snarks I'm going to save
because the snarks might kill
me what did I say
a
[Music]
wrong why do I not have an
account I have one Health can I do it
hey
doctor do you have everything nope
these [__] snarks
dude
emercy which users want to
drive I'm on normal difficulty I think
although maybe I just don't know
because because I don't know what the
the settings are because they're all
like
this take a look everyone take a
look what is what is the way to deal
with this
I guess that
way why don't we
save I don't know why the settings menu
is so small but like [__] if I can
change it with these
settings judge
exposion oneals
ter do you have why do
I okay at least I
saved they just said it twice
nice
[Music]
180 I can't wait for them to come back
sure
share go ahead Scout
come on
guys okay the grenade launcher is back
hey do don't make very
meal
har help
[Music]
way
we can't go in this
[Music]
please check the location
of hey
why do I
not why do I not have an account you
sign up
he was
there
this is not tra
I can remember like the NPC placements
like 70% of the
time e how does it smell stay
behind hello
everyone hello everyone yes go
where did he
go if he lives here he can work together
I know come
on yeah I was like did that mean yes I'm
coming or I'll stay here
get
in I'm really
serious that's
good I also see oranges the purpose of
the call is
Gargantua time number
two I wonder if I should shoot the small
gantas at
him Angel Gabriel Mass
R3 come on Cooper do you want to copy it
don't miss the Freeman depart if the
bomb has a final Target aim it at the
Tactical map
not
start set a goal achieve it
I
I'm not aiming at the wrong place it's
right there it's The Silo
[Music]
thing I might be
dead contributions to the Laur medical
system moric
Services
okay Angel Gabriel Mass R3
I forgot
oh
forgotten
Freedom damn
it three
B the lower the lower
back like damn
we are the CES to society now what is
man solitary again it's not
now so okay I've always turned this on
but they don't have to
be maybe they should be
EV of
I love how [__] loud the shotgun is
for no
reason wait did
I there we go
believe
it ijust my
[Applause]
I have oil yes you do
what we are left to cut the losses to
society now what is man solitary again
not now
[Music]
blck
got
how to treat
it well I will
break
one one
[Applause]
sh like small enough Anatomy
you saying to
me I'm assuming they're not supposed to
make explosion sounds I think that's
part of the
mod
come yes I guarantee this place
I
have is unfortun
now Lo
come
yeah come
yeah
where come here
come
here come
here I hate this part it's pointless too
I just feel like doing it come
here how does that not
kill I have oil I
know
[Music]
okay
180 Farm w
all enough Anatomy
wasp
watch this
radio watch this radio
[Applause]
the shrimp that ruined my life finally
Harry membership
[Music]
hey
what for real
well
the injury was
great was the greatest injury I've ever
had I might die because ofus
okay thank you
okay saving this
time and I'm just going to use the
to I'm lazy
[Music]
okay oh
nice he's in
the this part is really fun
doctor come
here come
here come here
I almost died
there it's beautiful and then I remember
that there's a uh turret in here I will
not get stumped by you this
time grenades
come
here oh my
goodness yeah I
save I finally remembered you
[Music]
C radiation is
dangerous at
[Music]
hey they forgot how to shoot for a
second Friday draw
F Friday to draw Farm
I hate this part and it may have bang
off hey
doctor why do I not have
an I'm going to save I this Parts
annoying as [__]
St
[Applause]
let see if I can bait them out
here there's like four of them or more
[Music]
there's a one
oh I missed of course I
would
okay wasting all the ammo when they
could just come over
here I feel like there's more too
actually
complex
messages we're already almost done with
the game by the
way I want to see how fast I could
speedrun halflife 2 when I play it as
well
[Music]
yeah OG
Z does not take very
long yeah we're like almost
done
180 far
I [__] hate Neons by the way in
uh bad Bay traffic I hate nail in this
game I appreciate the Black ofasa
Version a lot
[Music]
so the the the Crowbar is a grenade in
this mod for some reason they decided it
would be a cruel
joke yeah the black Vasa version is
definitely Ely one of
the that
version's best
advantages is just NE is so much better
than every
way what am I
doing my health is looking good
what
oh finally truck parts I've been
waiting the charger is turned on
[Music]
SC
d
[Music]
sorry criman but if you are around there
is no harm in opening this door this is
the last entrance of the to some closed
to their doors to produce the number of
attacks when we found out you were here
we pulled on a straw to see what would
happen to you of
course we pulled on a straw to see what
would happen to you that's
nice I'm pulling something jors are
waiting for you after the lad of pro
procedure rheumatoid arthritis is
over
congrats this
is you know I don't play much
I am
here rid arthritis is
over finally it's been a little bit
since we've had full [__]
health I have to do this
this Lombardo's cold plan only a
powerful
man only authorized persons are weapons
still involved in the investigation I
could use it as a weapon but with animal
glue you are against murder no
problem with animal
glue goggle
oh
God I'm not actually using
[Applause]
this what the [__] was that sound
[Music]
we supposed to use the glue on gun here
but I want to save my
ammo it doesn't really
matter did you
leave hell
bro I hope you know I moan stop why did
you say
that what this is the second time hi do
you want a snacks yes please okay I like
snacks
this is like
e oh my God woke
life you okay these
snacks this looks funny what is it I
don't really know never had it
before but I guess we have it a store
this is a a strange and mysterious
product look at that
thing consume the all
consume
all all right well I'll I'll try it it
says it's coffee flavored coffee
flavored oh it's fluffy I thought it was
going to be like
crusty crusty
um is it it's got little sprink on it
it's not bad those sprinkles kind of
kind of kind of uh nice oh it's so I
told you oh
God it's like it tastes slightly like my
one
oh
I yeah it's kind of nice okay well
there's a
couple H
yeah do you think you are considering
publishing
again
yep it's like kind of okay
I'm just so glad rheumatoid arthritis is
gone on May 2nd the process of
cooling lamb BTY best running Badd lamb
Badd it's
you you're lamb Badd don't
cry Lambda
business pump shirt look my mom seek
cared
nearby
wow cold
[Applause]
syst eat how to access
I'm the smartest cookie in the
[Music]
jar I'm not supposed to go down
here where am I wait yeah we go here
first
is
is this is not a book both can be access
from the reactor pump time is running
out mhm
[Applause]
I just love that the gargant are
displayed like little guys like there're
he's so proud of them like look at
them now let's see if the boys can be
upset now let's see if the boys can be
upset
that's that's not the right sound one
one cool hus one
byebye that that is just not the right
sound at all
[Music]
[Applause]
oh what in Pomo
available maximum
[Music]
City
yeah what you want to go yes
please that was
[Music]
crazy we going to maximum City oh one
assembly pal
[Applause]
okay actually the toffee thing is kind
of really good actually
what does that
say awareness
why is it so based
two on five
acres there intersection pewo du
two watching
far there is no control level of control
far
[Music]
it's a ro cancer do not pump transfer to
start then at the liest the ne to get
his own
head cisero
[Applause]
cancer kenada are you
where the [__] are they getting this
[__] from
table on data lot
I so
confused the the radio was
heard
what El kale El
COI I am 5 to three years old
so
[Music]
L Mana recorder is a registered
standardin far
[Music]
no Lambda has learned to read be
good oh the
shop hello everyone hello everyone
[Music]
nozzle X the radio was
heard hey look good my trophy
[Music]
it
yeah oh yeah
want have to deal with more of these
over
[Music]
here thaning
you main Diamond fireplace step saing
little
guy
glossy high school rules
I thought I had to deal with more of
them
R maybe I was
[Music]
mistaken certainly
oh no I don't this part's
terrible method
two let's fall down from a great height
yep I'm pretty sure we can go back to
that room now
I
think no never
[Music]
mind hallucinating once again
there have been many
[Music]
changes
system service Dev Friday
[Music]
disre
verive thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
by to
draw penesis
[Music]
click on a
okay this silly Part
a
no catch a c radiation is thank
you thank
you radiation is
thank
[Music]
you C
they madean this part so much easier in
Black B
though
source platforming
slippery little
thing no no
no no don't do
that okay
store is not found
men's sportman sportsmanship and
artist three Guardians we are fin I
found not we have never planned this is
the first store as a research group some
copies of the site were collected and
then returned to the researchers where
they started collecting until then we
suspect the portals made up of densely
pack to end Dynamic types know you know
when I see I hate to say Johnson but if
he can kill
you that's good I meant he was going to
kill
me but we are still pretty cisero but
when you come here I know all these
things are more than others is if you're
not clean enough take it
home so so that my colleagues are
waiting at the door Dr Cicero this is
the Gate of your work be
quick remember to fix it and cover until
you stay on the
gate hurry up the biggest book is made
by the world of course long-term Zen
exercises are a must I don't recommend
you exercise before the
injection the biggest book is made by
the
world helps manage
weak mhm
hello Siro you can still jump but hurry
up you can still jump hold on I want to
turn on auto
aim but I don't know what that setting
is
uh I have to figure it out one second
good oh wait no that's already on I keep
forgetting
okay that's just the default Target I
already asked this question
before yeah I
and now open portal who do you know
whether the person who is not updated he
talks and understanding and start
working
go
get this
exit w
no we take your time don't you always
open
other
other there is no control level out of
control Farm
oh I'm not going to make that never
mind there have been many
changes I'm not going to make this
finally the old healing pool
[Applause]
sound this is one of the most legendary
sounds in history
[Applause]
look me out
gaki
dress yes my meow
meow is control level out of control
[Music]
there have
changes an inury
wait what the [__] are
those are those the baby head
[Music]
crabs
here come
here oh yeah
oh
yeah come
yeah I have oil
these are the baby head crabs
[Music]
come
here there have been many
changes the injury was great
why are they stacked on top of each
other
I always love to not make the jump about
this
part I'm going to save just because I'm
clumsy I can't wait for them to come
back weekly Farm
there have been many changes
ironically these for clifts are making
this interaction
easier come
here come here
[Music]
these are easier to fight than the baby
head
crafts cuz their hit boxes are actually
the uh the fork
clips and they're very
slow why is that kind of Awesome
wait the
[Music]
pool hello
uh-oh something funny is
[Music]
happening okay let's do this again
then there have been many changes
there's no control level out
of cont
come
yeah come
here come here
okay we saved this
[Music]
time that's what you you
did
okay thank
you far that's what you did
dude I'm in the
pool Christ he doesn't even know I'm in
the [__] pool
only 20 more Health to go
when you test it it is a known fact
I have like no pistol
[Applause]
ammo yes the curbar is reskinned as the
grenade it's really nice
I have
order I'm going to die for that
what am I being
trolled thank you
[Applause]
there many
changes just take
me must take me
already that took longer than
any I just want to make that jump
without doing anything else
okay there have been any
changes okay it's not happening
okay I'll just do it the non lazy way
then problem is I didn't clear the
outside expecting I could make this
jump okay it's time to go now
I feel like they recoded it I I I feel
like this is part of the mod
[Music]
I have oil
okay I'm going to save because this
shit's the way that it is
there has been any Changs
green signs are
important contact your medical
care okay garanto part
three do not die we do not die and we do
not die
yeah we do not die we do not die and we
do not die
like small
well this is going to take 10 years
how's everyone doing tonight
so true bie
what
[Music]
a
by weekly
Farm we far
by Kino to draw Farm
yeah the Crowbar is the grenade
not just because you're not
[Music]
alone okay thank you
[Applause]
okay I I said this in my last
playthrough of this actually but don't
the [__] like uh Alien controller
things sound like Gerra from uh from
[Music]
Pokemon I'm losing my mind a little
bit giri cry
yeah it sounds just like
that it's jra's cry
[Applause]
a
yeah gen 3 Pokmon was like what 2002
Pokemon Ruby
Sapphire release date yeah
2002 so it could have
[Music]
oh that's the wrong one
oh that's good
I can't wait for them to come
back
we oh
[Applause]
Christ do I have here
sh
[Music]
no a dark age has been found oh don't I
know it
sh
[Applause]
[Music]
hi
[Applause]
[Music]
bro no ammo for
me at least I get more more Gargantua
crossbow ammo
[Applause]
oh
[Music]
[Applause]
a
[Music]
[Applause]
spe
[Music]
we hit those every day [__] every day
of my [__] life I hit those
[Music]
[Applause]
a okay
yeah May the huntress give me strength
and
[__] goodbye
I
St
[Music]
ni
far by Theon far
[Music]
sh
shout out to having like no ammo
[Music]
ah
buty old pal can't figure it
out last person last person
you're
neing
strong man
I have
oil I
know
[Music]
okay
yeah oh yeah
oh
yeah oh here
[Music]
[Applause]
I kind of need to go in the
portal I might let the portal take me
next
time
yeah not just because you're not alone
what is this music
under back
[Music]
this [__] hurts my
eyes please
[Music]
come
here oh
here oh yeah
now I don't have any
uh missile ammo
anymore I might need him to hit
me I hate getting caught up
here okay what if I
see that's the thing I have a problem
with is don't I'll jump up
there and then he'll open and close it
it's
[Music]
[Applause]
on propit
[Music]
dece please let me out
180 Farm by canu
Farm I can't wait for the to come back
two draw Farm
[Music]
[Applause]
the Dark Age
has okay
[Music]
yeah now
fly let me out
[Music]
come
here shouldn't that have killed
[Music]
him do I to do something about his
orbs green signs are important
like when does he open his head now
die if fact the only times that
killed is like sheer
[Music]
luck the dark page
has why does it stay open for only like
2 seconds
it's hard to strafe around him but
there's only one place for me to
get hold on
come
here now
[Music]
die yeah I destroyed the crystals
that's the first
thing you got to be kidding
[Music]
me like
come
here shouldn't that kill him now
[Music]
die there is no crystals
okay
here death now
dying I don't know what I'm doing wrong
here
what's hard to hit inside of this to get
the crystal when it's open for like half
a second
[Music]
the Dark Age has been
[Applause]
[Music]
found Why did the vortigon have to
respond
to Green signs are
important contact your medical care
when does it open
here well that would have been
[Music]
it I think the only times I've beaten
him is by Pure Luck
why does it bring me I'm going to die
because of fall damage okay never mind
just why does it bring me
[Music]
back I have oil
come here
[Music]
huh right let me try from here
compartment okay
[Music]
death now
Die Why
[Music]
why this sh's so annoying
why does it close them moment when I
jump
up I I'm so at a
loss we're going to keep it open for the
next 5 years I'm going to jump up there
and then it's going to
I'm so [__] annoying I'm so [__]
annoying there this isn't Fun
stop is did everything you wanted for
me okay
[Music]
please the dark agage has been found oh
yeah
are contact
[Music]
your every single time every single time
I jump up this thank you so much
can you
open hi why why why why why how why
[Music]
okay thank
you until he TPS me
I hate the
tee now
dying I just might nean
okay thank you for doing it again that
was really nice of you hello
Gargantua thanks for taking my health
away okay thank you that's the third one
in a row I didn't even get to respond
[Music]
why why why why why
why why
[Music]
thank
you
now shout out to uh black Mesa for
making this boss doable
why is the
head
okay
here but but but but but
oh thank
[Music]
you why do you have to send the
teleporter the moment I get out
[Music]
I'm dead
Goodbye Oh no I got three Health
[Applause]
changes the medical system moric
Services why does it close when I jump
off it okay no no
no uh
no no no
[Music]
no no no no no
no I'm so sick of
[Music]
this it's
fine pardon me is still going to
teleport me yep I can't
even that's
[Music]
good it's like it's such a it's such a
great game until this very last
part no unfortunately this has nothing
to do with the
mod he was he was always just like this
I hate to break it to
you I should have crossbow still
[Music]
I deserve god
mode just I don't understand why the
head closes the moment I get up
there yeah
[Music]
thanks thank
you kill me I don't give a [__]
so glad nothing at halflife T was like
that suited for the hands of the public
Liberty I have taken in a body just
leave the speech of NT cisero many
governments have to dress your
opinion that's what I
thought I often thank thank you for
checking out Zen enough subtraction in
this work surprised for an
hour what have I done here sir free the
work that I tell you is empowered to
offer the service when I have unlimited
potential
you have proven yourself to be a great
people art and what they do and not wait
until it corrects your destiny is not
that difficult if you are interested
because they are taking steps to the
door do so if not well I give you a
chance to fight
after more frustration it just doesn't
stop that's good to
know if you choose to
use exposure to
cisero I'll
go Mary
what is this music it's half life and
valve okay okay I'll destroy the game
now that was
great so here's the question I was going
to play half lifee 2 after
afterwards do I risk doing
the the Google translator version
because I actually haven't I I haven't
installed that yet should I try
it let's
see Life 2 Google translate
Edition hopefully I don't have to revert
to a beta version cuz that's what I had
to do for half life 1 as I'm technically
running the pre 25th anniversary edition
of halflife
1 it took me a little bit to install the
Google translate
version let's hope it doesn't I don't
run into the same hiccups this
time I don't even know what to [__]
expect put the file into your source
mods folder restarts
even make sure turn on subtitles
it says put the half Le 2 GTE file into
your steam Steam app source mods folder
do I put the folder or do I put all the
files it's half lifee 2 worth getting
through personally for me uh
it's extremely worth it that you
know I'm
trying
okay let's see
browse local files
here and
then
H what that's
there steam steam apps
source mods and then I guess I just put
the whole ass folder in
there oh windows so lovely
take
just the the read me text file that came
with the halflife 2 Google translate
Edition
folder is
is is giving me instructions on how to
turn on the subtitles because obviously
you can't read the settings menu it's
really
funny streams are just whenever I feel
like doing
them for some reason this is taking
quite a long time to
transfer sincerely praying for no
hiccups on this
one 80%
I'm going to miss the hey
doctor why do I not have an
account uh I I'm not really into G5 but
what I always say is
that um I'm happy for people who like
it that's my main
thing no hate towards it whatsoever
stop profiling Me by showing me hearts
of iron on my homepage
okay let's
see will it work
you know none of them thinking about
this they just updated halflife
2 I might need to revert to a different
version let's see if I can do
that previous public build let's try
that one
cuz I think the
halflife uh Google translate Edition
thing was
from 2023 if I'm not mistaken let me
check 20 like late 2023 so halflife
would have not had an update for a long
time up until recently so theoretically
switching to the
okay let's
see in my opinion the experience you
should do is play Half Life One then
half life two and then black
Mesa I I think I prefer halflife one
except for
neilan dumb baby dumb [__]
baby okay that's a different screen
I might have
to oh I need to restart steam
too oh wait
there it's its own
installation
interesting I didn't even realize
okay let's try
that forget
it a great teacher oh my God I think we
got it to
work if it
works baking game
I literally just played half five 2 so
my saves are here
still all right let's do that new
one red Rufus
dies a red Rufus dies it's a complete
mess Coalition
llamas rise and shine cisero said W rise
and
shine I don't want you to sleep at
work no one likes to
relax then all the work in the world is
done so now it's time to talk
more they are married
every bad man is worthy of the
universe Wake Up Now Dr
cisero get rid of the smell of
Ash okay new head
Cannon I completely agree I I think
cisero and Jon are are married
they're so married they're the most
married [__] on the
universe to
you this is the third year
sneezing there aren't a lot of times I
have to convert and I haven't used it
before the boundary
lines welcome Aloha
17 [__] excuse
me hold on I have to turn on the
subtitles Aloha 17
by clicking on
Choice Peppa
Pig
Marion and
imprisonments
okay it's getting
worse um
what what's the difference between
humiliation and
Pulu um the size of the the whole
world I I I think that's what we
want
okay you have chosen or opted to move
out to one of the best best cities in
the big
cities I really thought about City 17
where I was assigned to set up my
organization
here in Citadel with great wisdom given
by our
customer I am happy to call home my
17 and if you stay or travel
Professor you are welcome in the 17
cities story is better
here but these things the H Taco
made okay nice written by
jez written by
gz OverWatch stopped our jungle train
taking my car into question welcome ala
17 I don't really know you have chosen
or opted to move out to one of the best
cities in the sorry I couldn't hear you
there's a white man on screen I really
thought about Marcus brain for a
personal reason organ
here in cadel with great
wisd hey gab I am happy to call home my
17 and stay or travel
Professor
are
CI jonga who are you I'm
jonga heart Burt no n he's too slow The
Knocks to the
tree the
snowflake what night is it he hope he
has his hands and so he said
aliens and the people who come the
aliens they don't see they go quickly
because they're
alive welcome Aloha stop saying Aloha I
see you got your
bag of the best cities in the
cities bra really thought about where I
was a sci his name Dr
bra I'm working up the cadel with great
wisdom given by our customers guys what
do you think Barney is going to
say what the [__] is Barney going to say
there there's there's so much hinging on
this one line that's coming
up
or how to do it you
are the relationship is not
fair the process of proposing preparing
the
Street you the commander come with me I
am the
commander the voice of the family this
is a mistake I'm a regular couponer like
no one
else I'm a regular couponer like
everyone
else py py
py I need help I
good the
backup yes I want a personal part for
this at
once I like bar
[Laughter]
I like beer
yeah yes barnesworth you
love cisero me Bara from black Mesa oh
his name is
Bara oh thanks for the awesome I kept
the show for the cameras I worked under
the National Guard I don't take it very
long and they like to doubt I am the way
my quota after the beating of Paul Paul
thus Barney what does this mean I'm in
the middle of a controversial test sorry
time but who is here Scott is awesome
Gordon f i waited for the memorial again
yes you and you doc he was on board with
a new Express Prospect Bernie what are
your plans Bernie I agree Alex went
somewhere else and I have a better idea
of how to get there well is going to
leave the kids maybe we should be fine
nothing listen I must go doc there are
always when we run it back what do you
mean the kids man on C good to see you
yes Gordon you need to have your own
path to the work of labana Kleiner oh
man I am scared come here Gordon before
you blow my
whistle don't worry man that'll be time
to blow your whistle
OCC the
breakfast press press e for
breakfast it just says beer rise the
discount
ladder to all
on I need to go to choice and Maran so
we can have things a little bit
louder pick up that
c myy
b break is
hot J
the Civil Society report called for a
civil appeal from public
works9 your problem is one of the most
basic of physical concerns as well as
all of the underlying causes of fear of
the future I know there are some
unanswered questions did you find chakia
to be the best for
us I don't know if I'm going to listen
to the whole monologue shall we make
them M and put it back on
allow me to address the concerns under
your concerns rather than trying to
answer any question I'm not going to sit
here for the whole monologue
but of
all NE in the air
aliens requires reengineering
andaur what is this
music
dog that our Real Enemy is the
instant our mother treated us like
children what the [__] is Dr Brain going
on left us to take care of ourselves
during those difficult years as our
trees continued and our first meal was
cooked over a low
heat budy all pal is a Baker and then
started in the shade of a rented
Nursery think of it as
a think of it as a
Transformer the [__] nature of instinct
depends on unreasonable judgment and we
see
this only Instinct knows he approval and
like a
fish it woke up
it always starts this way press home end
the tattoo SC for us in the tattoo scand
afraid I'm afraid I'm
afraid Waco culture
apparently door opening is
family just
pain a police
officer what here feel free to contact
me I hope you enjoy
[Music]
it can I take the anyway let's go what
does it mean unanswered question
thinking did you find shakia to be the
best is all this nonsense still
complaining come on there is nothing
resident an error is found in your block
working with your host team allows you
to get paid where are you from no time
to lose hello
you please hello you run and come back
pleas civil
rights Run
Forever civil
rights hook Oasis continue to walk the
roof I I I don't have time to process
everything people are saying
I got shot it just said it's raining
cats and
dogs I'm getting
radio
oops it's raining cats and dogs I think
that's the word for like bullet
ricochets in this translation
over there you're not
enough
okay Dr cisero I believe I think
so better fast the combination is slow
to rise but once it does you will not be
able to stop them what the [__] is this
[Music]
music ler said you cannot come in this
way I don't think he got a map not even
a
letop I am an
archangel okay what the [__] did they do
to the halflife
lore father worked with you in a black
table I know you will not remember
me you little man speak a
okay
Canada remember that from black mess
your old
editor don't start my dad starting a
Doctor by
here I wish high pitched voice sales
announcement just think of those who
know
to
all have fun you show up today
apparently a Red Roof of
stars we have helped people escape the
big city it was a bad road to my dad's
Gallery through the old
Rivers today we are nearing the end of
the road
it buy me a
drink
it oh
okay nice to meet you at the end at the
end of what brain for a personal
reason that hit a little where was he
Lamar come on in it could have been all
as well Dr smaller oh well Alex well
almost smaller Lamar emerged from his
grave did Lamar transition if I didn't
know better I would think Barney would
agree too good for me cisero I really do
not is not it I found out he had gone
astray that's a nuisance isn't it we
have a lot of money for Dr Freeman even
if there is a problem after he
moves I must say John you come to a lot
of
time Alex posted the last piece for our
teleport
recovery I can't take a loan for Success
doctor Genius of beauty you win let's
see if this thing works well here it is
there you have it man William you woke
up the
holiday Man William you woke up the
holiday it's John Williams shall devour
all that we have done don't he will go
that's it Barney today is a post day we
will be launching a new teleport with a
double download are you doing it
otherwise is this still the case because
there are always dreams of that young
person can now it will never be sad
since then we have understood major must
be serious the big wheel that cat doc
even though he does not take the streets
you can probably take him his now yes I
forgot Bernie give Glory huh I'm back on
my AR
would be
nice here we are stronger destroy take
it from
me very there you have it I thought you
had that disease not true don't worry
Gordon is natural and
Flawless first of all he will die if it
connects to your head no results
you be that from me here my animal it is
entering no there is not there no Lamar
careful so much the more
brittle oh fine it was another week
before I was Google translate couldn't
find another word for five at least yeah
if they are not you will be happy bar
are you not an
animal was that
polish well cero go ahead get your close
off
next what well Gordon I know your HV
belt needs to be attached to you as a
hand at a minimum the local units will
work I've made some changes but I'll
just get to know you in the
important so let's see
the mark 5 health environmental consumer
is redesigned for comfort and
convenience time is not the
time the right thing to do is take it
Gordon good luck there is some work on
the
wall I've changed your ability to draw
power from
energy
lover hold on to pay for the suit
meanwhile let's get in the
way
the at the atlantium
Gordon why are you standing next to the
panel there waiting for my word isaka
where so Eli was a bit of a hole up in
the end the lab in the way of our life
has never been
found that's not what I mean is it
furthermore it is it is intended to
compel the company immediately
lovable ready for you father we end this
end let's not
exist let's see
computer flu
field not suitable
fors that's what you said
later hey a yes as a
cat she's
kidding oh
Lord image you let the boss Beat the
shot Gordon go straight I can't do
that good last place start now I do
not
[Music]
well
zipper I did it see you soon helloa
oh thank goodness my sobbing and almost
visible Izzy is wonderful fortunately I
could not take out all the debt Dr
Freeman proved it could help proceed now
ciso you're right for a while they
speak good job medical counsel do you
have the flexibility and flexibility I
can see the MIT depends on the penalty
for the education of the thing itself
good thing Barney your time hello thank
you Gordon Eli positions are you and not
for
long
hello image initializing a two
three bars if you be good good luck in
their Founders yes am man we are ready
to give you GED B Voyage is going and
the best result is the business to come
the last
line that's what it
is fre Lamar hat it
no does he have Lamar forget about
that are
you stuned dri cisero stay tuned what
are you kidding me who are you going to
kill
you you can't just walk into the school
separate yourself
how do you do I wanted to know I face
what I do not have to worry about worry
she is
there she is there I'm sure it was
all free for
free give me the iy Taurus
yro it means where are you after you up
to finish you s you have to leave
outside follow I take it the find
you I can press Q to
love on we have a
problem I have to remap
something oh I'm scared
uh
um
uh um let me just let me just Google the
the rebind menu
okay this is edit
key okay that should be
okay yes there we go that's
normal what
cisero the Citadel is the most Pleasant
I never knew he was a mirror 17 get out
of town as much as possible William I
can press Z to think take the old man to
the waters in a field right you enter
Eli's magic that's a bad way but there
are a whole bunch of sentences that will
help I will come but thanks to Dr small
his ton oh without forgetting me I think
you fell on this back in the black
Mesa good luck and there buddy you need
the ability to love I know
I can
give I can give birth
[Music]
just think of those who
know again I thought it was going to
stay at a guy
decided to yourself
too excellent
[Applause]
friend experts want you
now are you
happy we get to
knit why why is the USB titled jellyfish
I got forgiveness of his ammo
Here Comes
wolf Caribbean core
okay armed Group One Armed Forces 2
family three
I think this is one and this is
three and then I need Q to be
swap use of house Timber I feel like
that's just this right yes I can
interpret
control I am
Crouch I can explain the ancient truth
in the things
what is this music
fill in the settings airplanes
breathable
material what is this music help me
[Music]
this this music is
amazing space my
[Music]
mother just wow
always
do those Lords mistreated you huh good
part we had did you come here for the
first time here they are free the
consolidation statement has come
out look we're just the tourist for the
ground floor reserve the main sight is
on the side of the corner you start with
your right foot in the meantime your
foron to give you a jolt of distress to
my friend oh I want a jolt of distress
so
badly thank you for adding lover to my
collection be very careful we can't
visit holiday Pages catch you here great
news for the entire site we do
the be aware the person who does not
establish their human right the local
the possibility of
water yes I am Crouch I know
be
aare
EST super
[Applause]
Aid
St this is stage eight we heard 12 down
and out the train stations were full of
Riot groups also civil defense dropped
to second place we have flights from n
or later it's like
us place8 what are you doing Channel 8
you we have verified messages about manx
refill the basement with
mannequins well you heard them refill
the basement with mannequins
now clear signal
horrible
[Applause]
out for
the evidence for community based in this
community
I have to do I am
Crouch kill
him go ahead friend this place is not
available for
download I will stay here if others join
good to
thank
you the
last
surveillance a place out
might the
[Applause]
active MERS into the door
Community what the [__]
k
h
ch
how long is this
game uh I feel like it's around 7 to 8
hours but I'll probably complete it
faster cuz I played this a million
times except what the [__] is this music
thing is part of the length of halflife
comes from like the
puzzles partially like they'll they'll
bog you down if you don't know what
you're
doing and even though I've played this
[__] and halflife one several times I
will consistently forget things a lot
cuz sometimes the puzzles are just
strange but I kind of like them that way
man hack should be coming in very soon
and those those always frighten
me yeah this literally sounds like
halflife Seinfeld Edition
yeah they're about to come in here
social security is ours we took the car
covered our
tracks you look like the last
person I'm For You poverty does not stop
all the IPL teams seem to have
approached 17
cities is that true fling the front
areas with man Hawks that's not what
they're called before you get out of
here oh poops
oh
poop where
where appeal thanks for your support
the man hacks make me like Panic
unnecessarily every single
time
like thank
you it's like the equivalent of like
seeing the M hacks and hearing their
sounds is like the equivalent of
realizing a bug's been crawling on you
for like 5 minutes and suddenly like
panicking about it
yeah sorry I mean the man
HW
Richard happy birthday oh someone said
that earlier that's what you're
referring to I didn't even see that
caption
hello
conf
[Music]
in
this music
what is this
music was that not the
music why does it sound like
that oh okay thank
you will be reported by the people in
this community code
I have to regenerate the ax of power
trans
the how thing is was always part of the
plan
what what what
what what what I'm so distracted what
what they're going to make me lose this
game purely by distracting me so much
[Music]
[__] hate those stop stop stop stop
stop stop
[Music]
but yeah the uh the wolf how was used
even in um in the name of friendship to
to
like preview Monarch and stuff also this
is going to [__] suck
okay this section always confuses me but
I
remember I remember how to do it this
get away from me I remember how to do it
this
time German German German like the
streamer
this app starts and stops really
judgment so normally when I get in this
room several times over I'm like I can
find the little
thing I can find this thing just fine
and then always I'm
like nice now this is all filled but
what the [__] do I do now these look
like they're supposed to open like maybe
there's another valve to open
those I'll be out here
like desperately trying to figure this
out like these things look like they're
supposed to open or something you're
supposed to do something with
that but this time I'm
remembering all you
do is
help is walk back into this room and
then just go down there that's
it I just always forget
[Music]
to all
Richard no no no no no no
no stop stop stop stop stop stop
[Applause]
it stop
you
here she
lives really you are a free man what
about the king Time Has Come
What six station to the East Mesa black
Dr frer is going down give her the plane
and give her all the help you
can ciso is a transition congratulations
please try again freart Gordon is back
there is a crisis and as far east Mesa
you'd better be right
now unfortunately there was a free
man s let us be
shell let us be shell
where the
hell of support
[Applause]
sh
the hvv suit sound is the same as in
halflife one we
won Diamond I hope to be shown got all
the gas boats ready to put
gas it is difficult to defend yourself
in public but run away quickly and you
will de your'll font M help play
certificate 7 sege app store application
but her son was rejected what CL up and
burn
it
okay game UI connection
failed why is why is you almost like HW
Tua
[Music]
yes we just met valve isn't it
great article you why why
why yeah this is Jonathan valve's first
ever video game
he there
commemoration thanks for the
commemoration Out Below thank you
sh
woo I'm just so in love with the
scripting of like the the Airboat
sections like the [__] feels so
genuinely like cinematic
[Music]
EST I missed my
turn like no jokes even so much of this
game feels so much more fresh than most
like AAA games coming out now it's
insane
I definitely prefer the boat sections
the car sections are a little bit more
stressful but they're still
good but the boat section has the
[__] like giant tower
explosion so like by
default the boat section wins cuz it's
the craziest [__] ever
you
is
I have not played Alex cuz I don't have
VR I don't really plan on having VR
either and I need to I need to watch a
play through cuz I haven't
aiming is so much easier now that I have
frames
en
yes this is running through parallels
the
unit for
hello buddy old pal stopped the entire
boat
woo I wish video games actually felt
like this still
[Music]
sh
you
BL
need
[Applause]
coffee with
coffee Hunter artist award oh thank you
unit you
Authority and Yachts authorized agents
press one
at warn out V
hey I went the wrong way I think
worn out
V I guess
woo
what what the [__]
night
core for the
win oh no not that [__] again okay it's
fine the subtle yet effective Tempo
changes
I really do love that the explosions
just say happy
birthday woo
I missed my turn no I
didn't I manifested missing the
turn
woo here comes the
tower woo
so [__] crazy
I played half lifee 2 like maybe five or
six times
it's
my favorite game to revisit often is
probably
undertale hey there's a book where is it
if I can't see it with my own eyes
cisero himself
us he begins to save
us we will do better soon necessary to
destroy the cake and leave the
hayy come inside I will show you what is
happening to you I don't know what's
happening to me
here I see here to the mother as many
times before there's Eli's cave which
crawls into the old hydroelectric
station a Stones Throw from a Village
Council but when it comes to hunting
with your donkey it is next to
Impossible I want a donkey the vots are
working on your magical Airship so
you'll have more Firepower ahead I think
it's perfect get out out of
here thank
you that's so
sweet we are here this gun comes from
the very hunter gatherer you are
fighting I always like to take something
stupid to the
fire take down the helicopter and you
can go to Ellie's
Place who's
Ellie we will help the fredman
the for the kingdom
that's right
he
the sky has bisexual lighting
gon
woo oh
h
hello unfortunately there is a free man
I hate this part
I'll do the classic then
I just
realized I just realized this Dr
kleiner's name translated to Dr smaller
this is because Kina means small in
German
help I'm only now just realizing
this that's that's what that's what that
translation ended to with I suppose
oh
brother
starting a clay scrap engine that's
nice Ike
[Music]
yeah Ike from Smash Bros the video game
that he's
from the video game that he's known for
Smash Bros
I've never noticed Gman standing there
before
what does he go
away right there
he crawled right into that little box he
is kind of a little guy isn't he
he's spindling what a good
word just what a good
word
woo
submerged meat ad Mesa rest
I'll miss you airb
section I guess cake
it's awesome it's the perfect
[Music]
place that's the thing you want to see
when you see like a radiation symbol
it's the perfect
place we got
it well
man goodbye nor log EIC to be arrested
you are safe erases the scanning process
we cannot carry it guys you know ravenol
is next right ciso Freeman you and you
if you do this G well this is going to
be amazed it is not good to
talk I am Dr Mossman Dr free Seasons I
have been listening to you for a long
time since before the black Messa series
yes it's
Messa I am very angry with you working
with you I and Dr Kleiner during their
time together they're gay
guests we will go there you can exit
now a very toil I am red I will bring
you down quickly and show Mercy to me if
I wait for you I will show Mercy to you
don't worry about
it I am red good TI can help NE outside
run about here many countries have
covered them but things will get much
faster if we have more and more training
I need to [__] know what father
gregori is going to sound like in this
version of the game weting down on local
teleport
technology which means the union has yet
to come together you guys unionize
considers their rules to be different
congratulations but they do not measure
up to the comparisons of energy they can
preach from their world but if they are
here they will rely on local traffic if
they only knew what we were doing with a
listen list for anyone whose first first
experience with halflife 2 is is this
mod that we're doing right now I'm so
sorry to me like a post
dog I am glad that we have the world to
work
with where am I oh
right makes beond anything we thought in
black and
white we figured out how to use Zen as a
seductive chair which is
wait run it back you figured out how to
make Zen a seductive
chair sure mirroring
framew so that we can park around the
local area and get back to
the Oh indeed is it one knew I
was do I look at me and see the SP
German Freeman a book I love look the
stroke is not changed how is
it please let us see the last time I saw
you after the resident I do not intend
to take you this far back
well welcome to the gallery not a black
table black
table for us correct there are a few
degrees these days we will take you out
of that rich SK suit and back into your
lab coat finish work that you will see
that we can deliver Drive mention free
it's true honor him I can't work
together have a good
look the world gave up it's
time and just in captions it says a
family voice the manager for this whole
Bad Company now he ended the seventh War
by conducting a World War II attack the
union granted him power
Cicero oh he said Von's here tomorrow
and set foot on you I cannot believe I
believe he broke your story friend well
he is alive I guess you are able to
prove that you cannot handle and look
there's nothing Garden can control and
you probably can't father
no what is happening
this this the translation is
like I I know what most of the original
voice lines
are
and I can tell you that maybe it's like
a three out of 10 The Contours of the
sentences are very similar but it's like
almost every single word is completely
replaced
take a look at the
[Music]
founders like the original voice line
there is he just says Hey Gordon take a
look at this it's one of my favorite
Parts cuz he just like he's just like
take a look at this rock and he just
walks away but in this in this one he's
like take a look at the
founders
sure like in in in the original dialogue
it's just like he's like Gordon take a
look at this like he's he's jingling
keys in front of Gordon while they're
busy
Alex I think you were
careful supporters tortured me to see
Founders however I have to work at the
door I have a good
fix someone has misunderstood the power
of Christian
Unity someone has misunderstood the
power of Christian
Unity
judging no other that is the numerical
value not a mechanical problem and as
well as the reasons for the present time
not say I inserted in it Alex sure
sometimes I think you are not mistaken
with
me Alex why don't you take Gordon and
give him a rehearsal with a big gun I
came to the medical Council go have fun
the No Frills agriculture Navigator
Alex let's go
outside the No Frills agricultural I
forgot already what they
said weeds
it said weeds to caption that
sound now I see you have met the Moss he
was one of the main reasons not to spend
time
Outdoors you can hear her driving about
what she looked like in the black Mesa
test room that day congratulations on
mman for being trans there'll be a
little deterioration in appearance
here that is the old way to rer
no reer
home
why cuz I thought it would be funny
so here we are
firewood no this is the heavy gun my dad
mentioned you can call it the most
advanced
manip the most advanced Garden
manipulator it extensively for weight
liting
try try
fil and gently cats you can whip things
up and let them fly I was easy to clean
up
my change the person looking with the
previous
game
W can
I can leave it at that by Rec clicking
your second
Studio the toss it
you can also pull out through the
space these are not
buckets see if you can fix anything up
here
try to put things on their own pick up
something with your second case and
press the case again to drop
it I'm
trying the way of the dog
Max Papa drives your bches paying fees
with a
head
maybe I am now of he wants to play
picture the dog
[Music]
Kine good ciso this is the dog my kid's
father told protect the building the
first example of high altitude I've been
attached to it ever since am I not
son yes dog play Draft when it's
published you have to use a colored
gun Purge the dog
throw I know I know
other dogs are
good but this one's best
dog might get you the ball it
might what
oh this happened last
time oh no
[Music]
I told
you I did not ask
yes sir let mey dog is alive I'm going
to
cry
whatever no
PR child he made
it
that what is that
printers the event
no
Gordon Dad it's an elixis you read Alex
Apple what will happen Alex we were in
the wreckage of an airplane caught onto
the side of a car do you still have
cisero good I want you
both cisero is here head for the beach
do not tie in do head Chief kind of yat
a Damon dog open the
airlock hurry up break down Qui just get
[Music]
it anyway
dog
warning cisero you need to be out here I
can't leave his father's house dog take
Gordon to the chicken home then ciso
rounds to try chicken
home chicken home
[Music]
all right let's go to chicken
home story residents of
good to be fair this part is kind of
like Resident Evil I
guess there is a
reason the day of the
day alert please
shut
up please click please click here
disclaimer it's not a
crime
sou pang's funeral it just said that in
captions
a
gun
let let's not go to Raven
home let's go to my
room what
[Music]
assist go
help
you
you shut up it's not a big [__] deal
they are show to be productive living
things but not seeing any
light mhm
[Music]
like smoke in my bones
help help
enough and you shall go and see before
the
[Music]
CR oopsy daisies
this is this this is
this this is
this but who is this any healing bi
I keep an eye on you P my
[Music]
it's
kissing gas
CH hello
o
[Music]
yes
world's most impossible to kill head
craap
[Music]
no my favorite
character my favorite character
your medical care
Emery which users want to
drive I hate these things so
much I feel like there's another one in
this room once I do
this maybe I'm wrong I'm just
I remember
correctly
ah I didn't necessarily almost die they
reduce your health to like
one but then you slowly get your health
back when you recover from the poison
yes you can deny the T use my trap for
free but beware of falling into
yourself
behind it's good to be active in
roal sure
all matter
is
sh
I'll wait for it to
stop let's go I am Gregory's father I
have already visited my Paris
Church yep
oh wait I thought that was the [__]
stupid
one don't want to waste this [__] on
that
this is this this is
this woe to you my brother I feel
it
done okay his breasts are the least of
my worries it would
seem that's from his words not mine
oh wait it's never good to open
[Music]
that severe
headaches okay he didn't want to have
his monologue this time
[Music]
it's
even though I'm stupid I will not be
satisfied the power to
be excuse
me the power to be
he has reg Rock
of
suppli oh okay
[Music]
oh my
favorite oh [__] they're in
here just scared
me can you stop
it
stop don't don't throw
[Music]
that oh my [__] god
stop kill in the
afternoon it's
not the Flames are burning man after
that here is a gun suitable for me for
you you must for me for you
is beautiful then close it I tell you it
is a goal for the
head follow rhol also has a relaxing
evening come on in take a look and enjoy
yourself it really doesn't but that's
all right buddy you don't want to Hur
them
stop
stop oh God
[Music]
why did I do this
happy
birthday okay
[Music]
h
we're finally in chicken home
my favorite part of everything
toxins in the blood
[Music]
okay fine
[Applause]
RVE does nothing for
you oh
I was scared gregori was going to shoot
the barrel for some
reason no what's wrong with me
[Music]
okay being
normal see just tell yourself that and
everything gets better
[Music]
BL you
don't throw
that where did my thing
go
whatever for
[Music]
you urry after all excuse me I will send
you a car brother just sit still I will
send you a car brother brother my what
take good care of yourself what
go
brother
you now brother get in the bike
you said it was a car get started
brother let it
go thank you
[Music]
gregoryi hello brother that's how we
meet y you should thank me for
preventing weeds man's work has taken so
long that it cannot be maintained
without
work I suspect you have little interest
in living in Rio home so I will show you
the mines oh the mines thank you the
shepherd is sitting in his flock you
know it's going to be there
yep my brother is behind me click
lightly that is why it is sacred ground
ch ch
[Music]
father set up the and also brother
Target I don't want to be you but there
is a bright light in
me can't fight their grief Al
be careful
bro be careful
bro I keep losing my saw blade
oh
brother excuse
me
Paul soon bro
soon brother I need you
for I missed the hvv suit saying Signs
of Life
I am as long as I hurry to the gate of
the run
fast Bor brother
congratulations yeah
wait what greens to you brother I'm
afraid to give you a green spot the
light of the lamps will illuminate your
path burn your
seal this is this this is
[Music]
this this is this
see you later father gregoryi
this
[Music]
is
this some Elden ring
[__] am I [__] I'm fine
ch
[Music]
d
just wow
that was beautiful
we got the alltime greatest
yeah the reload the reload sounds for
the halflife 2 shotgun is one of the
best things
ever it's so Swampy
I know how things work
usually what the [__] was that
this part was not meant to be done with
Health I'll just use the pulse rifle I
guess
oops don't mind
me I deserve that
goodness
gracious whoops
coming
who was
wrong Winston as big
he take him and ride on his back while
he is
stable cisero cisero you did nothing
wrong we got conversations from Alex
then see if he can oper reach it
again follow me why does it feel like
the soundtrack was composed by Neil CA
the lions are all enlightened and I got
the Gordon glass car the glass car Dr
ciso are you kidding who was dating
Alex lesbiian her father was
arrested bu this Dr
ciso Eli not
release Alex that is Thomas Gordon
Freeman with me
cisero made it to the home Raven thank
you auxil you need my father and I have
ever gone he was taken to a New Prospect
the owners followed the boat that joined
him in Judith retria while train still
running I'm going to tie the election
here you are Gordon I need you go I wish
you tied the election it used to be a
high prison something much better than
it was then but I think it's still easy
to visit the the original l is it used
to be a prison but it's something a lot
worse now in this version she said it's
a lot better than
then something much better than it was
then you want him to take the beach path
it does not take more than 5 minutes
sometimes the pipes are painted that's
why hey man it definitely takes more
than 5
minutes called you li I you the Scout
car we left with you last summer it was
my dad who got the gun alas a good thing
thought hold SEC nio carry out the buggy
leave it on the Belt now Gordon Freeman
is leading him I'm hungry I'd like to
have an IM Amo car Anna Alex it's all
set thanks lion Gordon way that is not
driven by the shore of one of the year
more securely meet me at the threshold
where the train will pile up take care
of yourself and I'll let you in a New
Prospect goodbye Alexia
oh doc uh before you cross the road you
may want to grab some machines rest on
ammo or look at the chart and see where
you're going and there's plenty of heart
on the plate at the back of the car sit
in the car make balloons and stand at
the right time to face the ant lions I
will jump on the radio and let you know
that you are coming I'd like to make
some balloons my bad that but it can
also be seen as a way to not narrow down
the New Prospect can't stay on track
though we lost one of the outside doors
find a place in N with the latest small
new shut up shut up what did you just
say to
me find a place in nll keep up with the
latest small news grezy Odessa
what find a place in N stop stop
stop shut up
hi Dr autum the car is ready for
you come on in I'll go down to the beach
hi here we go
[Music]
the evil magnet is failing hold on
unfortunately Dr the evil magnet is
failing
what is happening with this music
what is happening
[Music]
it kind of does sound like Donkey Kong
Country this is good
are you trolling
me oh my God
[Music]
why does it say selfie when I shoot the
gun oh sorry no it says Kanye
[Music]
in yes this is indeed the Kanye Cannon
f
[Music]
Antelope no business
d
St
[Music]
yogurt Freeman
no don't say that
come on I'll go to the box we hope to
carry guns someday Colonel Cobb would be
glad to see
you this excellent rocket maker is our
Seeker to obtain piracy alas I am with
you where where am I yes yes using the
laser do you can steer your wooden
cannon in front of the gunship Shields
and prevent it from shooting at your
board this will only irritate you at
first but if you can live long enough
with the right things you will be
rewarded with a paycheck who then is
accustomed to lead him into
battle respect Gordon Freeman I wouldn't
ask for a talented
volunteer well good thing I'm not
cabbage At Your Service hello cabbage
[Music]
the gun
y let me warn you at M it then I will
come and shake hands go ahead teach
gunship is an unforgettable lesson
remember I will do
fairy
ammo fairy ammo that's so mystical
Jolly Dynamite stay tuned for
more stay tuned for more
that's right I thought I had given up on
fighting Dr Cicero your Excellency your
Excellency is not worthy and some right
away to be released I understand Dr
Luciano was a big business be very
careful When approaching the bridge
avoiding the radio from the post led me
to believe it was marked with
reflection however you are definitely a
good person this is exactly the ofing
the country that has you R goodbye
please tell what's the story of them big
puppies Luci Colonel that he could hurt
cabbage for not being able to bear that
man free man now needs speed eliv Vance
is still stuck in a very scary
darkness no time is
it Bud old
milk Lighthouse Lo in
run
safely Excuse me while I consult the
Tribune this is why you should never let
me have my
[Music]
license to all
am I smart
sorry guys I'm turning on the thumper
it said not turn on
ni
it's
woo
this P Oil then oil
floats what is this music when I keep
asking this
[Music]
question it's so beautiful
yeeha now this is the exciting of Cicero
gorgonzola
sh
consider this your halflife 2 walk
through
just very [__] up
[Music]
again
what signs of life
I might play portal after half life I'm
not sure portal I don't have nearly as
much experience with
so I think I've only played port one and
two once and it's been a
long long time
[Music]
woo
too much [__] happening on
on I'm
smart trans
three
Sprint is out of
date danger
education petroleum is
produced I would have never guessed
ch
[Music]
STS
he
oh
ch
wow the music's almost normal
sh
it's the Trap remix Lois
halflife Trap remix is
crazy really
first a square pizza
okay
you
thank
you it first
want
coffee worth coughing
what why is the gr gr grenade called
tune in wait I didn't even look at the
gun
names Crow
excuse
me Crow
Berber no energy gun rifle gun 9 9 mm
image 357
gnome SJ sjm food writing
excess is a common problem rifles
dandelion reading Crosby tune
in I am
I am rvg ordinary rocket grenade all
right thank
you that's very special
I can defeat you shrimp ship
what
Gordon Freeman's just Twilight Sparkle
let
building insects bow problems look great
Hot tanir
Grill what a beautiful restaurant
Gordon Freeman has a
PHD in theoretical
physics even though all the physics here
are applied but whatever am I right or
am I right
[Music]
[Applause]
a tornado
East something
[Music]
iPad
iPads I must have forgotten this part of
the game
iPads support
oh
[Applause]
actually this should be over
here I don't want to be stuck thank
you signs of life
[Music]
pain givs
bye
bunie have a good bat
[Music]
a
what is this [__]
music it's so beautiful
St
wait I don't need to do anything
here this isn't this isn't a puzzle I
can just go
[Music]
this one's a puzzle
make sure person
[Music]
stop it first shield
see how do we get up here
there's one up there too but
can we even get that one from
here
yes but we don't need it
anymore go my Kanye Cannon jol
[Music]
super Brook Hanah oh and we take notes
they want your
car it's better to be
karate is it you will go doctor the road
is hidden on the side of the mountain
it's not going anywhere if we don't if
you are here with us you will create a
great
feeling good to
now wow
stupid wow stupid here comes the drops
drop get on the road
the dude jumped out ready to
go and that was the last thing he ever
did sec
[Music]
Lo in
wait is it not gunship time did I
miscalculate
I you ski
congratulations
oh
full I forgot about the steering wheel
of fortune launcher
happy birthday
sh
you and you you end up living on the
Rocks do not make sand and the idiots
got stronger would not be
moved call llo the best mentality of his
descendants to stop
thinking we headed to the development
Camp hoping to get some bug bait so
these bad guys would just leave us alone
but if not llo what does it
mean I see you trying to help I will sit
quietly with him there is something
to go on I hope you find it better than
ours I certainly will
remember to tuned people now I'll stay
tuned I always have
is
[Music]
help
s
[Music]
everything is great
that's
oh
Freeman will be very careful to listen
to our extraction of meridon seed Farms
the process is not Universal at all so
stand up
Freeman wants these marks on the road
ahead collect them
now Coro is Bugatti
squeak bug Bugatti splits he's are the
Bugatti
balls well Dr freed now you are just ant
lion I
know is an excuse for us loose change
before us belun to the moral common law
infl yes listen to the audition hearing
for pleasure if we want to make a
statement for you however
assphalt
so
true
asphalt go ahead not many people would
stand a chance in front of a new Doctor
Who book but someone with a bunch of
tape well that's another story dror Hub
book Freeman glorified us before his
face
Chase
Freeman I'm
chasing what is this called the
livestock
BB they are GRE of only instructed in
the use of therapods come now and learn
how to protect weeds soal
trick learn how to protect weeds from
the So-Cal
trick off and in
the C and
well Freeman can l through his waves to
Pacific areas check out the training
mannequin at never
far again
why is that word it as a
question now go well put the balls on
your parod mark the outlines in your
order follow all right I'll calling the
treadmill Al the superiority of
fre and now the person must claim to be
Nova Prospect is just around the corner
remember
Luci I think
so come my treadmills
we'll show them a thinger three
great start buil an outdoor patio the
Nova Prospect other boundaries
AB first no
go my shuttle bugs
let
St hand out
CL this music
oh [__]
most are you reading
oopsy daies
[Applause]
[Music]
ser
log out call for technical support with
real
estate an
the Nova Prospect stabilization has two
main
directions adding properties exogenous
absortion what are they talking about
[Music]
this load in PR the sky in the heavens
God
d
B
spe
500 kidding processing there's nothing
see
SC
SP
you
safe and sound
ni
that's not Nova Prospect
I still love that the explosion it just
says happy
birthday it's so good
I didn't have enough jellyfish
happy birthday
[Music]
first comment the punishment of Nova
Prospect area without communication
information intrusion groups divide
racists into A5 A7
lock disease
block Nova drum
ad Prospect love
pars this me
that sound is that a crush kill destroy
swag reference
the
[__] why does it say the Tower of death
sh
when an luring soundtrack stop
it warning warning airat reports that
antien c
has acquired NOA Prospect anticitizen
cisero exogenous
absorption the codes
offered for
oh okay
well okay
f
do the barrel say IL
amable I can I sworn that the barrels
hadn't changed remember no Prospect
sugar
companies political taxes on block
87 prevent external information
just says
flamable Noah Prospect is a sugar cane
company
thank you
we
you are blindfolded happy
birthday yeah this is Gmod
he
I
we
don't com
sh
about the relationship in Block B2
attack disassemble the B4 box
my beautiful goobers are following me
forever about the
relationship oh
BL attach streng
[Music]
catch
enter
close creatures
please
please unbel
thank
you thank you
one
Health let me out let me
out please
I'm so dead that's a
grenade mistakes and compensation caused
by them I asked the lot questions about
these flaws and now I'll ask you the
same
what
power come on
must put together I find that the gr not
directly indect contr the holy
oopsy questions about and now I'll ask
the same
how can that
be we are talking about sin or
innoc Gordon's frean
Gordon's there is reason to believe that
commun hased
SKS you need to be more
discriminating with the help you render
toward other people
how do you handle
that excuse me excuse me girls you
can happy birthday
the
oh
Miss
I didn't want to go any here
inspired by Anna's gun what did it just
say
of
[Music]
by via foets
f
absolute high
high
therey boyed
I'm glad you came here in a single
episode single episode my dad is
upstairs somewhere in that safe place he
deserves to get
out it's not very safe
Alexs
treatment beware summer
whereare I'm afraid I'm running blind
here perpetrator will always be arrested
and the information will be returned but
there's no full text about that place
little did we know was all
bad control
system now as my father
good
wig I seem to properly
support hence which is on the way to go
ha work I go
with bucket
this was as soon as you open
it
he I don't think you should get rid of
him
Alex Cicero are you real I can't believe
I got it what did you get okay I'm fine
unless you we got to get out of
here here we are to you father don't
think take care no we believe leave you
I think I can redesign the corporate
portal us out of here corporate but
where are you IED to the Cent Doctor Who
reopening the door if he can fix it we
will all be there not fine we cannot be
the worst death is not a big deal
Alex go as far as you can not stay that
was the last
one book cannot be left here don't worry
touch we'll find out I'm sending you to
teleport to the chamber
speak well father we will meet
it I know you I have a
baby excuse
me
congratulations let's go
outside I mean yeah what else is there
to do after news like that
I will go back to the security station
and try to turn off your radio
wait
hello
okay
okay safe and
sound I feel like I
could finish the whole game in one
sitting I don't know if I want to
um we're
at almost 8 hours and I don't want to go
over my 10 hours
record so I think I'll probably call the
stream
here
killing uh sure sure that
nice um
cool thanks for coming to the
stream
um CIS will continue next
time and then everything will be
great bye